and then guys who described your kart whistle
We have to face it today.
highlight I'll teach you to send
beaten
then you should learn to
send a beat
first you have to learn to
move the skateboard on the ground climb up
skateboard begin to move skateboard there
the skate moves and with this production
start trying the first of the active
so after you will learn
to move the iscte in the sun
A lot of people are more
backside or frontside of the beat is
a choice of you so start
teaching the backside beat the beat
This backside goes against the wall and
Look who's turning the skateboard is from the beat
first you have to twist your body before
skateboard because a lot of people try to turn the
skate before the body and ends up running or
falling is not harder then I say
you first turn the body after
of cheeses
the slaughter of chicken site is almost the same
something that I have to leave
only everything will be on your back in the
wall
so you'll have to look first
where will the maneuver come back and
first body game after the ground
I got more or less like this
that was what beck beat istat
defron the beat and all what you see
that hug